Oh. wait. Wait. Zoe.
- What happened?
- She's been poisoned.
- [Zoe] What?
- I have to assume I'm hot.
There's an antidote. but they've got it.
My only chance is to let 'em take me.
[Pavlovich] The deal is off.
Someone has moved against me.
I have not the time to determine
whether you are part of it.
So I will assume it
and proceed accordingly.
Zoe?
Harold Harper sent me
to make sure you're okay.
Are you coming?
[Harper] Hello. Marion.
I know about the cartel.
I know about the Meshbahar Deposit.
[Marion] Faraz Hamzad would not
entertain any of our offers.
To exploit the Meshbahar Deposit
for years. decades.
and to keep it stable.
you need another kind of partner.
I was helping you rescue Parwana Hamzad.
because I wanted you to introduce me
to Parwana Hamzad.
[Emily] Dad?
- [gunfire]
- [Chase] Yeah.
[Emily] Can you take me off speaker?
[Chase breathes shakily]
Yeah. I'm... I'm here.
I need you to do something for me.
[Chase] What is it?
[people crying softly in background]
I need you to accept this.
Why this is happening.
Why it happened.
I found something here.
This family is important to me.
- [artillery fire]
- [people crying]
That much is true.
And this is not a rejection of you
or of Mom.
That much is also true.
Promise me that you're gonna find a way
to accept this.
I need to know that you're not gonna spend
the rest of your life resenting this.
Or resenting me for this.
Or resenting this family for this.
- [banging on door]
- [people screaming. crying]
I'm asking you to accept
that this is something that I wanted.
Can you do that for me?
- [people screaming]
- [Emily] Can you do that for me. please?
Shit. Shit.
No. wait!
[people screaming. crying]
[ringing]
- [no audio]
- [ringing continues]
- [gunshot]
- [people screaming. crying]
[speaks Dari]
[speaking Russian]
- I'm the only Hamzad.
- [people clamoring]
[gunshot]
- I'm the only Hamzad!
- [gunshot]
- [speaks Russian]
I'm the only Hamzad. I'm the only Hamzad.
I'm the only Hamzad.
[shouting stops]
Faraz Hamzad is dead.
I am his daughter.
Who are they?
[Emily] No one who matters to you.
He had a sister.
but you just killed her.
So I am the only one left
who knew his business.
Leave them alone.
and I will help you.
Help me?
How?
[Emily] I will tell you everything
you want to know about this place.
How it works. where things are hidden.
The things you will need to know
that will take you forever to find out.
I will tell you.
[people chattering]
I have orders to separate the family.
[Emily] To eliminate them.
No one will know you're here.
If you lie.
no one will see you again.
[sets object on table]
[taps]
Write what you know.
How can I be sure the others are safe?
[speaks Russian]
[door unlocks]
[door closes]
[Emily. in Russian] Thank you.
[in Russian] You speak Russian?
A little.
Why didn't you speak it before?
I was confused.
I was scared.
My name is Pavel.
[door opens. closes]
[door opens]
[in Russian]
That is where they hide their weapons.
[Pavel. in Russian] You're an American?
[speaks Russian]
But your family is here.
And you betray them
in a language they do not understand.
[speaks Russian]
Why?
To protect them.
Because I love them.
[door closes]
- [door opens]
- [rain pattering]
[Pavel. in Russian] It's from the captain.
Everything you've told us has been true.
The guns. The stores.
The records.
They have all been where you have said.
He wanted you to know it is appreciated.
To say thank you?
Or to ask for more?
He wants names now.
Anyone we might need to worry about...
Who cannot be pacified.
who might decide to cause trouble.
You want me to tell you who to kill.
I don't want a reward.
That isn't why I'm doing this.
Do you think they will ever take you back?
What?
The ones you save.
The ones you compromise yourself for.
What if when you return to them...
you have become too different...
too changed... too...
Ugly?
What if I was always this way.
And it's just that no one ever noticed?
What if there is nothing
I am not capable of...
to make the people I love safe?
[thunder rolling]
[thunderclap]
[rain pattering]
[groans]
[thunder rumbling]
[distant shouts]
[door opens. creaks]
- [Pavel screams]
- [grunts]
[Marion speaking Mandarin]
[Harper] The Russians.
They lost the mine.
- Yes.
- [Harper] To who?
It's unclear.
Well. maybe. But that's not
what they just said to you.
[stammers] Not all of it.
Who took the mine?
A particularly determined group
of local fighters
seems to have eliminated the Russians
at the site.
Yeah. [stammers] And?
There are rumors
that they were led by a woman.
An American woman.
Angela.
Angela's alive.
Yes. but maybe not for long.
Pavlovich is summoning reserves
from as far as Central Africa.
Every man in his army
to take the area back.
Well. you-you can stop that happening.
And why would I want to do that?
[Harper] Because you know it was a mistake
to involve him in the first place.
[stammers] You know that Angela would be
a better partner for you in the long run.
You told me that she would never
side with me.
You told me that you would never
even permit me to try.
Her life is at stake.
I think Johnny's life might be at stake.
There might not be any limit
to what I would do now.
You know.
you really have got sharper. Harold.
I'm sure that isn't true.
but just for a moment.
I actually found myself believing you.
Help me end this.
We can fight about
what happens after that.
After that.
End it how?
[engine revs]
Do you think he's dead?
It's impossible to know.
I know.
I'm asking if you think he's dead.
What difference does it make
what I think if I don't know?
Because one way you might
help me find him and save him.
And the other way
you just pretend to help me
for as long as you need me
to help you kill Pavlovich.
I gave you my word.
I may be new at this. but I know enough
to know what that's worth.
The Old Man did that thing with you.
didn't he?
[Zoe] What thing?
His bullshit about a knife in one hand
that's like your empathy and in the other...
- [stammers] It's something in the other.
- Ruthlessness.
[Julian] Yes. That.
You're saying it isn't true?
For him? Too true.
I knew I couldn't trust a word
that came out of his mouth.
Or maybe it took a lot of practice
to know which words to trust.
Either way. that's the role
the game asked him to play.
Fucking serpent.
And there was no one better.
But the Old Man knew any word that came
out of my mouth was written in stone.
That's my role in the game.
Help me get to Pavlovich.
I'll help you find Dan Chase.
[phone buzzes]
Yeah.
Copy that.
We're ten minutes out.
Whatever you're gonna do. do it quickly.
He's closing in on the target.
What do you wanna do?
I'm not asking you to do anything
you don't want done already.
Even if Pavlovich can
get himself out of this mess.
how long before the next mess
ends up being something
impossible for you to clean up?
Impossible to unwind?
Impossible.
For a man like you.
that word should be so hard to find.
and yet it's always
been so available to you.
To cultivate Angela Adams is impossible.
To do clandestine work
and raise a family is impossible.
I'm impossible to understand.
to please. to trust.
What an ambitious young thing she is.
How could I ever?
Your default to absolutes was always the
part of you I found hardest to understand.
Your aversion to them was mine.
Some things should be absolute.
What things?
The things we owe people we love.
They should be constant.
They should be inviolable.
And the sacrifices that you would make
for Angela's sake.
Those are inviolable to you too?
Yes.
No matter what it's about to cost you?
[sighs]
You could have been a great man. Harold...
were you not so frightened
of disappointing anyone.
- [phone rings]
- Fuck you.
[Marion. in Mandarin] The director please.
It's urgent. [snaps finger]
It's me.
I understand we've had
some developments there today.
I'm going to help you
get things back under control...
We're moving.
I'll have instructions for you shortly
how to approach the target.
Conference guest.
[Marion. in Mandarin]
A party will be arriving shortly.
You're going to quietly let them in.
[chattering on radio]
[Harper] Are you on-site?
We're here.
There's a lot of guys with guns here.
This goes bad.
it's gonna go real bad. real fast.
Stand by.
Something's happening here.
What happened?
[Harper] The security detail
of the Chinese delegation
has asked all the other delegates
to ask their details
to pretend that you don't exist
for the next 15 minutes.
Pavlovich is in cabana 14 with his detail.
That's seven men.
They're unaware of your arrival.
Do it and get out.
Copy that. Stand by.
What can I do?
Nothing.
I'll locate the target
and I'll give you the heads-up.
- What can I do?
- Nothing.
I'll keep one alive.
I'll do what I can
to get Chase's location from him.
but there isn't much time
to get him that antidote.
Then hurry.
[turns on earpiece]
[Julian] They're leaving me alone.
For now. at least.
I'm moving towards the cabana.
[both grunting]
[guard speaks Russian]
[guard shouts in Russian. groans]
[shouting in Russian]
- [Zoe] You there?
- [Julian] Yeah.
I just saw two men.
I think they're heading toward you.
[Julian] Copy.
[speaks Russian]
[shouting in Russian]
[gunshot]
[grunting. groaning]
[gunfire through earpiece]
[Julian panting.
grunting through earpiece]
[Pavlovich speaks Russian]
[groans. pants]
[Pavlovich] Who the fuck are you?
[groans]
[panting]
Do you know who I am?
You're the guy who killed the Old Man.
And I'm the guy who got you.
[Julian] I got one of them here.
I'm gonna do the best I can
to get the location from him.
We don't need him.
I found it.
[footsteps approaching]
[Marion] It's done.
- My colleagues will sort out the story.
- [Harper] Hmm.
You're ahead of me.
It died.
- [sighs]
- Harold.
[sighs]
I'm glad you came.
It was good to see you again.
[footsteps approaching]
You said it yourself.
You would never
have let me anywhere near Angela.
I'm sorry.
Yeah. I'll bet.
[waves crashing]
[engine revving]
[tires screech]
[Zoe] Oh. no.
Oh. shit.
Hey. Hey. Hey.
[whispers] Oh. my God.
Okay.
[line rings]
[Zoe] I found him.
- [Julian] Is he alive?
- I don't know.
[Julian] You know how to check his pulse?
Beside the windpipe.
Oh. Hold on.
I can't tell. M-Maybe.
- [Julian] Did you give him the antidote?
- [Zoe] No. On it.
[Julian] Give him all three doses.
- [Zoe] Yeah.
- [Julian] And the yellow one.
[Zoe] Oh. Okay.
Oh. fuck.
[pants] Okay. Here we go.
[sniffles] Okay.
[Julian] Did that do anything?
No.
[Julian] You said you know CPR. Do it.
All right. Here we go.
Here we go. I got this.
[panting]
[crying]
[wind chimes ringing]
[panting]
[dog snoring]
[dogs panting]
[footsteps approaching]
[sighs]
You're awake.
[Chase grunts] Where is this?
It's-It's a safe house.
It belonged to Morgan.
Nobody had used it for a long time.
No-Nobody knows we're here.
[Chase] How did you...
[Zoe] Had a little help getting you here.
Harold?
[Zoe] Uh. No. No. um. Julian.
Morgan's partner.
But it's just been us for a while now.
You've been in and out the last few days.
I've been sitting still too long.
No. no. no. We're safe here.
Oh. after what we did.
people are gonna come for us.
We're safe. We're safe.
- [grunts]
- No one knows we're here.
We got away.
No one...
No one knows?
Well. Julian knows.
But Morgan trusted him.
Harold?
No. no. We didn't feel like
it was safe enough to reach out to him.
Maybe... Maybe one day. Here. drink.
There's one more. isn't there?
Yeah. there's one more.
He's my kid.
and no one can trace him to me.
Anyone who'd wanna find us
doesn't even know Zoe McDonald exists.
I was careful.
Before Julian left.
I made sure I knew how to make sure.
- This place is an island.
- [grunts] Okay.
- [Chase] Thank you.
- Okay.
[Chase grunts]
[Zoe] We're safe.
We can stay here as long as we need.
As long as we want.
[Chase sighs]
You wanna stay here with me for a while?
[sighs]
[Zoe] When I was a little girl.
I was afraid of the dark...
and all the things I couldn't see.
The hopeful things
that were promised on faith alone...
and stories...
I never trusted them.
I couldn't imagine how anyone ever could.
[car starts]
[Zoe] Because in that darkness ahead.
what else was lurking?
I've always been certain there was
always something else out in the dark.
But this... this...
feels different.
With your dad. I always felt like
I-I needed to defend myself
from-from whatever was going
to reveal itself out of the unknown.
whatever might be hiding
around every corner.
[Jason] And
you don't feel that now?
No.
No. I don't.
[Jason] You sound happy. Mom.
You deserve that.
Maybe I'll get to meet him sometime.
[chuckles]
[Chase] Have you seen my glasses?
- [Zoe] What?
- My glasses.
I feel like I just had 'em.
I keep losing things.
It's like there are goblins in this house.
Unlikely.
- Hey.
- [sighs]
Oh. shit. [chuckles]
You're losing your edge.
Don't joke.
[Zoe] Is something concerning you?
[Chase] No.
[grunts] I think that
might be the problem.
There's so many things
to be concerned about.
[sighs] We left the world
full of questions without answers.
There's been nothing in the news about
the cartel because w-what?
It-It fell apart?
Because we were misled
about how close it was?
Because we're still
the only people who know about it?
[chopping food]
Did the spook that you met
at the British police station...
Did he tell any of his friends?
Could anything stop them
from finding us if he did?
There's a German word that escapes me
for an idea that pretends not to be seen
because once it's acknowledged.
nobody can pretend it isn't true.
[sighs] I wish I could remember.
[Zoe] If these are things
to be concerned about.
why do you think
you've been ignoring them?
[sighs]
Because I don't want this to change.
I don't want this to end.
[line ringing]
[people chattering]
[country music playing over speakers]
[Chase grunts]
[breathes shakily]
[Emily sighs]
This is Zoe.
Zoe. this is my daughter. Emily.
So nice to finally meet you.
Nice to meet you too.
It wasn't easy finding you.
I'm so sorry. We thought...
[Emily] It's okay. It's okay.
I'm just really glad you're here.
I'm really glad that you're okay.
Are you okay?
I'm here.
I'm in one piece.
I'll tell you all about it. okay?
I really will.
[Chase] Mmm.
I want you to know...
but not now.
[sighs]
Now time is short. and I need your help.
You two have been pretty isolated here.
So. you don't know
about what happened to Harold. do you?
What happened?
[Emily] He's gone.
Gone?
He went to see his ex-wife to get her help
to save you and I both.
She has him somewhere.
and she's trying to use him
to bargain for control
of the Meshbahar deposit.
Bargain with who?
I thought it was taken from Pavlovich
by some. you know. yahoos in the valley.
[chuckles]
In a manner of speaking.
Who controls the deposit now?
Me.
And what remains of the family.
I've been asked to speak for them.
I've been asked to help decide what to do.
Marion is using Harold to fuck with me.
And I don't wanna be fucked with.
Not now and not about this.
So I'm going to get him back.
and I need you in order to do it.
Yeah. Yes.
- You're gonna get me what I need?
- [Chase] Yes.
[Emily] No matter what I ask?
Mm-mmm. Yes. of course.
I need access to Lou Barlow.
I need you to help me
get inside Marion's armor.
Lou Barlow had the connections to do that.
It's the only way to do it.
Harold's life is hanging in the balance.
I know that you may not wanna
open that door again.
but I need you to.
Who is Lou Barlow?
[Emily] Dad. please.
Will you help me?
Well. of course I'm gonna help you.
There are better ways to do this.
I can show you. Em. I promise.
Who is Lou Barlow?
I was.
- And what did you do?
- [Chase sighs]
You-You told me about what you used to do.
You told me about the ugliest violence.
- What else could this be?
- Yeah.
No. I told you some of the things
I used to do.
Some things.
But there are things
that are uglier than violence.
Em. we're gonna get him back.
I will stop at nothing to do it.
I will find a way.
I've already found a way. Dad.
- There are better ways to get to Marion.
- This is the way to do it.
- [Chase] Emily...
- This is the best way to do it.
I've known Marion
since before you were born.
- You're gonna have to trust me.
- This is the way that I want to do it.
Harold Harper sacrificed himself for you
and for me.
All I'm asking of you
is to do what you taught me to do.
To do what we owe him.
- To save his life.
- [Chase sighs]
And you wanna debate about whether
or not it might be too unpleasant to try?
- No... [stammers] ...we're not debating.
- No. we aren't.
[Chase sighs]
The only thing I can't figure out...
are you saying no because
you don't wanna do what it would take
or because you don't want her
to see you do it?
- [Chase] Mmm.
- [Zoe] Who is that?
They're here to get us. Zoe. and
take us to a plane that I have waiting.
Get us?
Who is that. Emily?
I'm in control of an irreplaceable thing.
There isn't a government on Earth
that doesn't need it.
That isn't terrified
of their enemies getting it.
So. when I ask for a little help
from the FBI tapping Zoe's son's phone.
or finding you here.
or transporting you out of the country...
Parwana Hamzad gets whatever she wants.
Yeah.
she does.
["The Man I Keep Hid" playing]
♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ That I keep hid ♪
♪ He's raised my face
Like a pirate's flag ♪
♪ A phantom nation's tattered rag ♪
♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ That I keep hid ♪
♪ Somebody used my mouth ♪
♪ And laughed out loud ♪
♪ Spoke in ways that were strange to you ♪
♪ Whispered things even money won't do ♪
♪ Nobody knows the man ♪
♪ That I keep hid ♪
[song fades out]